Project Introduction
+ Imagine you're a talented developer at "Future Homes Realty", a forward-thinking real estate company based in Seattle, Washington. 
In an industry where personalization is key to customer satisfaction, your company wants to revolutionize how clients interact with real estate listings. 
The goal is to create a personalized experience for each buyer, making the property search process more engaging and tailored to individual preferences.

The Challenge
+ The task is to develop an innovative application named "HomeMatch". 
This application leverages large language models (LLMs) and vector databases to transform standard real estate listings into personalized narratives that resonate with potential buyers' unique preferences and needs.

Core Components of "HomeMatch"

1.Understanding Buyer Preferences:
+ Buyers will input their requirements and preferences, such as location, property type, budget, amenities, and lifestyle choices.
+ The application uses LLMs to interpret these inputs in natural language, understanding nuanced requests beyond basic filters.

2.Integrating with a Vector Database:
+ Connect "HomeMatch" with a vector database, where all available property listings are stored.
+ Utilize vector embeddings to match properties with buyer preferences, focusing on aspects like neighborhood vibes, architectural styles, and proximity to specific amenities.

3. Personalized Listing Description Generation:
+ For each matched listing, use an LLM to rewrite the description in a way that highlights aspects most relevant to the buyer’s preferences.
+ Ensure personalization emphasizes characteristics appealing to the buyer without altering factual information about the property.

4. Listing Presentation:
 + Output the personalized listing(s) as a text description of the listing.

Required libraries
langchain=0.0.305
openai=0.28.1
chromadb==0.4.12
jupyter==1.0.0

NOTE: Reunning the notebook will require an Openai API key.
Simply replace "YOUR API KEY" from the following code within the notebook

# Setting up the OpenAI API key
os.environ["OPENAI_API_KEY"] = "YOUR API KEY"
os.environ["OPENAI_API_BASE"] = "https://openai.vocareum.com/v1"


How to execute
1 - Run the jupyter notebook in Anaconda or preferred IDE platform
2 - Install the required libraries
3 - Define the required buyer proferences within the code
e.g. questions = [   
    "How big do you want your house to be?", 
    "What are the 3 most important things for you in choosing this property?", 
    "Which amenities would you like?", 
    "Which transportation options are important to you?",
    "How urban do you want your neighborhood to be?",]

4- Retrieve the generated output for the listings
e.g. Personalized Listing 5:
Neighborhood: Capitol Hill, Price: 500000, Bedrooms: 2, Bathrooms: 1, House Size: 1000

Description: "This charming bungalow in the heart of Capitol Hill is the perfect starter home. 
With two cozy bedrooms, a spacious living room, and a potential to convert the extra space into a third bedroom, this house offers the comfort and flexibility you desire. 
The kitchen is perfect for preparing family meals and entertaining guests, and the backyard provides ample space for gardening. 
The quiet neighborhood is close to good local schools and convenient shopping options. 
Additionally, the two-car garage and modern, energy-efficient heating system add to the convenience and sustainability of this home. 
With easy access to a reliable bus line, proximity to a major highway, and bike-friendly roads, you can easily navigate the area. 
Enjoy the perfect balance between suburban tranquility and access to urban amenities like restaurants and theaters. 
Don't miss out on this opportunity to make this house your dream home!"
